
2. Exploring Hyperledger Caliper Benchmarking Tool to Measure the Performance of Blockchain Based Solutions：https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10522188
Kaushal et al. []
Blockchain technology is extensively employed across various industries, transforming conventional processes, and enhancing efficiency, security, and transparency. The decentralized nature of blockchain prevents any single entity from having control, fostering trust, and minimizing the risk of manipulation. Proposing a blockchain solution is not enough as the success and adoption of such solutions heavily depends on the overall performance. The performance of the blockchain based solutions can be measured using various metrics such as latency, throughput, and CPU utilization. This study is using throughput as a performance metric and demonstrating how the Hyperledger Caliper tool can be used to measure it. To illustrate the use of Hyperledger Caliper, a scenario has been devised involving the presence of multiple organizations and peers within the blockchain network. This test-network comprises three organizations, three certificate authorities, three orderer-nodes and three peers per organization. The proposed network is set up using Hyperledger Fabric blockchain framework. This scenario depicts how remote patient monitoring systems work in a multi-organization environment. The experiment results observe a very minute difference in send rate and throughput when data is injected at 80 and 100 TPS during the write operations but this difference is missing during the read operations as send rate and throughput is observed almost identical.

3. Enhancing Throughput in Hyperledger Fabric Through Endorsement Policy Strategy：https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10673946
Abbas et al. []
In the realm of private permissioned blockchain platforms, increasing throughput is a pivotal objective. This paper focuses on the optimization of throughput in Hyperledger Fabric, a private permissioned leading blockchain framework tailored for enterprise applications. The paper proposes a novel approach to enhancing the platform’s performance by reevaluating the endorsement policy. By implementing a Less-Than-Half endorsement policy, the paper aims to streamline transaction validation processes and bridge the gap between Fabric’s throughput and the demands of large-scale industrial applications. The proposed method objects to boost transaction throughput without compromising security or reliability. The paper provides an overview of Hyperledger Fabric architecture, discusses the pre-verification mechanism, and presents the proposed method for optimizing throughput. The performance of the system is analyzed using Hyperledger Caliper and Prometheus. Simulation results show increase in the throughput of the Less-Than-Half of the endorsement policy as compared to the majority and it also demonstrates the significant reduction in the latency of the Less-Than-Half endorsement policy.

5. Performance Optimization of High-Conflict Transactions within the Hyperledger Fabric Blockchain：https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10732190
Stoltidis et al. []
Hyperledger Fabric (HLF) is a blockchain (BC) platform that supports secure high-throughput and low-latency transactions. However, it encounters challenges in managing conflicting transactions that negatively affect throughput and latency. This paper proposes a novel solution to address these challenges and improve performance. Our solution involves reallocating the Multi-Version Concurrency Control (MVCC) from the validation phase to a preceding stage in the transaction flow in order to enable early detection of conflicting transactions. Specifically, we propose and evaluate two innovative modifications, called Orderer Early MVCC (OEMVCC) and OEMVCC with Execution Avoidance (OEMVCC-EA). Our experimental evaluation results demonstrate significant throughput and latency improvements, providing a practical solution for high-conflict applications that demand high performance.

6. Performance Modeling and Evaluation of Hyperledger Fabric: An Analysis Based on Transaction Flow and Endorsement Policies：https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10733701
Melo et al. []
Blockchain is a paradigm derived from distributed systems, protocols, and security concepts. However, can blockchain applications provide services in industrial environments, especially concerning performance issues? In blockchains, long response times can impair both user and service experience, and intensive resource use may increase the costs of service provision. The proposed paper tries to answer this question by evaluating the performance of one of the most popular permissioned blockchain platforms, the Hyperledger Fabric (HLF). We provide a framework for performance evaluation based on modeling and experimentation. The results indicate that block size and arrival rate can compromise throughput (by -70%), latency (by +1,500%), and environment utilization (by +28%) and that multiple gateways can reduce latency (by -75%), and throughput (by -60%).

10. Hyperledger Fabric Platform for Secure and Efficient Data Sharing in Autonomous Vehicles： https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10657518 （see the results）
Alhabib et al. []
Advancements in wireless communication, en-compassing cellular and non-terrestrial networks, are empow-ering Autonomous Vehicles (AVs) to revolutionize transportation. The achievement of real-time data exchange and seamless communication with infrastructure promises a future of safer and more efficient travel. However, the significant challenge of efficiently managing the extensive data generated by AVs persists. This data includes sensor readings, information about the surrounding environment, and potentially user data. Consequently, addressing concerns related to data processing, sharing among various stakeholders, privacy, integrity, and security is of utmost importance. This paper tackles the data sharing challenge by proposing and evaluating a platform built on Hyperledger Fabric, a blockchain technology. This platform aims to facilitate secure and efficient data sharing between all parties involved with AVs. Our initial testing reveals that the number of simulated users (virtual user count) and the amount of data processed (data load) can negatively impact the system's performance. This highlights the need for further optimization to ensure the platform can handle large-scale data sharing effectively.

11. Mission Reliability and Optimization in Multi-agent Systems Using Hyperledger Fabric Platform: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10955996
Lu et al. []
This paper investigates the mission reliability and agent number optimization in a multi-agent system (MAS) under the presence of Byzantine agents transmitting malicious information. We propose a novel hierarchical model of MAS based on the Hyperledger Fabric blockchain. This model incorporates a P2P communication network and smart contracts, enabling the calculation of mission reliability, optimal decisions-making, and the detection and isolation of Byzantine agents. The blockchain approach presented in this study provides an interface for reliability calculation, facilitates optimal number of agent selection, and accurately identifies Byzantine agents for secure consensus control. Experimental simulations are performed using the ARGoS robot swarm simulator to demonstrate the security and effectiveness of the proposed method.

12. Dynamic Optimization for Trade-off in Hyperledger Fabric towards Latency-Sensitive IoT Services: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10707554
Ding et al. []
Hyperledger Fabric is currently the most widely used open-source enterprise blockchain platform in IoT services. However, Hyperledger Fabric still suffers from high latency in practical applications, hindering its further adoption in latency-sensitive IoT services. To address this issue, this paper selects Hyperledger Fabric v2.0 as the research target. The focus is on the latency of the ordering phase, which accounts for the highest proportion of latency in the EOV architecture. The ordering phase is primarily responsible for block packaging and generation, requiring careful parameter configuration to ensure the efficient operation of the blockchain system. We discuss the impact of BatchSize and BatchTimeout on block generation under two different consensus algorithms, Kafka and Raft. Additionally, based on the M/M/1 queue, we propose a latency analysis model for the ordering phase and analyze the causes of latency. Subsequently, we frame the optimization of blockchain experimentation as a Markov decision process, introducing a dynamic parameter configuration method grounded in deep reinforcement learning. This approach aims to strike a balance between BatchSize and BatchTimeout in response to network loads. The experimental results indicate that compared to existing methods, the proposed dynamic optimization strategy can reduce the average transaction latency of the blockchain system by 11.37%. Additionally, this strategy demonstrates good fault tolerance capability, with a reduction in the latency of node failures by approximately 6.35%. Therefore, the proposed dynamic optimization strategy meets the QoS requirements for IoT services.

13. Electronic Healthcare Data Sharing Application Based on Hyperledger Consortium Blockchain Network: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11102758
Gupta et al. []
The fragmentation of medical data, lack of patient ownership over medical records, and the persistent risk of data breaches represent significant challenges in the electronic healthcare sector. This research leverages blockchain technology and decentralized principles to address these issues by proposing a novel medical data-sharing system and business network model, with patient-owned medical records as the central asset. The proposed model ensures that ownership of medical records is unequivocally assigned to patients, granting them sole authority to authorize access to their personal health information. Furthermore, the system guarantees the immutability and chronological integrity of medical records. To realize this model, we implement a consortium blockchain network utilizing the Hyperledger Fabric framework, complemented by the Hyperledger Composer toolset for constructing the business network. The interstellar File System (IPFS) serves as a distributed storage solution, while the Angular framework facilitates the development of interactive web applications. Advanced technologies, including Docker, are employed to seamlessly integrate technical and business components, culminating in a fully functional blockchain-based application for medical data sharing. This application, accessible via web interfaces, empowers patients with control over their data, enhances security, and fosters a tamper-proof, interoperable healthcare ecosystem. Our findings demonstrate the potential of Hyperledger Fabric-based solutions to revolutionize data management in electronic healthcare, offering a scalable and patient-centric approach to medical record stewardship.

14. Hyperledger Iroha for a Secure and Efficient Voting System: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10467774
Cavinkumaran et al. []
In an era of rapidly advancing technology, the need for secure and efficient electoral processes has never been more crucial. Therefore, a comprehensive voting system is proposed, leveraging the power of Hyperledger Iroha and seamlessly integrating with Django and React frameworks. The system offers a user-friendly android application for voters and a separate administration portal for efficient election management. The Hyperledger Iroha framework forms the backbone of the system, providing a robust and tamper-proof ledger for recording votes. It Brings the power of permission-based blockchain with Yet Another Consensus algorithm. Furthermore, the versatile architecture of this system extends its applicability beyond democratic elections, offering a flexible framework for various voting scenarios, including corporate decision-making, community polls, and organizational surveys. Through this innovative amalgamation of technologies, the project aims to set a new standard for secure and efficient voting systems, contributing to the advancement of democratic practices worldwide.

15. Operating ZKPs on Blockchain: A Performance Analysis Based on Hyperledger Fabric: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10646455
Pan et al. []
Preserving privacy in blockchain-based systems is crucial for ensuring anonymity and confidentiality during transactions. While cryptographic solutions can address on-chain privacy concerns, their implementation on blockchains may introduce performance overhead, which remains unclear to researchers and practitioners. This paper investigates the performance impact of integrating zero-knowledge proofs (ZKPs) into the widely adopted permissioned blockchain framework called Hyperledger Fabric. The study focuses on evaluating the scalability and bottleneck aspects of blockchain platforms incorporating ZKPs. Through comprehensive experimentation and analysis, the study reveals that the integration of ZKPs compromises performance in terms of transaction rates and latency, while effectively safeguarding users’ personal information. Implementing on-chain ZKP feature would result in a performance loss of 30% to 87.5% in various experimental configurations in Hyperledger Fabric. The findings presented in this paper are informative for the design and implementation of blockchain-based systems with strict privacy requirements。

16. Decentralized Access Control using Hyperledger Fabric: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=11126662
Hossain et al. []
Traditional access control systems often use the extensible access control markup language (XACML), a widely adopted standard for defining and enforcing access control policies. XACML is flexible and compatible with various access control models. It comprises key components such as the Policy Decision Point (PDP), Policy Enforcement Point (PEP), Policy Administration Point (PAP), and Policy Information Point (PIP), which are centrally managed in traditional setups. However, this central management introduces vulnerabilities like Single Point of Failure (SPOF) and other security risks. This research addresses these challenges by proposing a decentralized access control architecture built on Hyperledger Fabric. The design distributes the four core components of XACML— PEP, PDP, PAP, and PIP- across multiple blockchain nodes, eliminating SPOF while enhancing scalability and data integrity. A proof of concept (PoC) implementation is developed to evaluate the system’s performance. The architecture and PoC are analyzed against predefined threats and requirements, demonstrating how the system delivers a secure, scalable, and resilient access control solution.

17. A Scheduling Algorithm for Hyperledger Fabric Based on Transaction Batch Processing: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10705406
Jia et al. [] 
Hyperledger Fabric (Fabric for short), is a consortium blockchain platform that adopts the smart contract paradigm and provides complete operational functions. Although it has become the system with the highest throughput among open source blockchain systems, its performance cannot meet the needs of industrial-grade application scenarios. To further expand the application scenarios of blockchain, this paper proposes a Transaction Batch Processing Scheduling (TBPS) algorithm for multi-channel Fabric networks based on Lyapunov optimization theory. The algorithm maximizes the consensus efficiency of the system while ensuring the minimum transaction accumulation, and provides stability conditions and optimal performance for the system under transaction batch processing. Finally, we built a blockchain network of Fabric’s latest stable version v 2.0 via the cloud platform, providing an order of magnitude of algorithmic parameters by testing transaction processing rates. To simulate the distribution of performance indicators such as transaction delay, system transaction accumulation and average transaction processing rate under different impact factors, and verify the effectiveness of the proposed TBPS algorithm.


Journal:
10. Resilient and Fast Block Transmission System for Scalable Hyperledger Fabric Blockchain in Multi-Cloud Environments: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10616168
Noh et al. []  
In this paper, we propose a resilient and fast block transmission system for Hyperledger Fabric in multi-cloud environments. The goal of the proposed system is to improve the scalability, transaction throughput, and resilience of Hyperledger Fabric by minimizing the block synchronization time among nodes. To achieve this goal, the proposed system is designed to deliver blocks quickly and reliably to all the participating nodes in time-varying multi-cloud environments. The proposed system includes the delay estimating process with O(N) control message overhead over the P2P network, the effective bandwidth estimating process for block transmission, the Gaussian Mixture Model-based clustering and cluster leader selecting process, and hybrid P2P multicast tree constructing process. In addition, a control message format and delivery process are proposed to efficiently provide hybrid P2P multicast tree and neighbor nodes information to all the participating nodes. And we propose a pull-based local block loss recovery process that can receive lost blocks from multi-node without complicated scheduling using a rateless code. The proposed system is fully implemented by using well-known open sources (e.g., Hyperledger Fabric, Docker, Containernet, and Mininet) and Go/C/Python. Experiment results show that the proposed system can reduce the maximum block arriving time among all the participating nodes by approximately 50%~95% compared to the existing algorithms. This improves not only blockchain transaction per second, but also resilience to various network-layer vulnerabilities and attacks that may occur when the block propagation delay increases.

11. FabMAN: A Framework for Ledger Storage and Size Management for Hyperledger Fabric-Based IoT Applications: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10457524
Roy et al. []  
The increasing usage of the Internet of Things (IoT) across various domains has led to a significant surge in data generation and processing. This exponential growth has introduced numerous data security, privacy, integrity, and availability challenges. Blockchain has emerged as a promising technology to address these challenges. Nevertheless, the resource-constrained nature of IoT devices does not align well with the excessive resource requirements of traditional blockchain systems. While state-of-the-art research has mainly concentrated on making the blockchain lightweight in terms of computational overhead, the issue of managing the append-only, immutable, and ever-growing ledger remains largely unaddressed. In this paper, we propose a novel approach, termed FabMAN, to effectively manage the continuously expanding ledger in the context of Hyperledger Fabric, a permissioned blockchain platform widely adopted for blockchain-based IoT applications. We introduce an adaptive algorithm to dynamically adjust its “Batch size” and “Batch timeout” to optimize its ledger growth. The adaptive algorithm ensures that the ledger growth is nearly optimal, considering the incoming transaction proposal rate. To validate the effectiveness and performance of the proposed method, we conduct comprehensive performance analyses through simulation and prototype implementation and compare the results with the same system model without the ledger management system. Our approach to managing the ever-growing ledger in Hyperledger Fabric-based IoT applications shows significant improvement.

4. Quantum-Safe Blockchain in Hyperledger Fabric：https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=10816500
Abbas et al. []  
With the advances of quantum computing the security of existing cryptographic frameworks is increasingly at risk. Accordingly, in the present study, we investigate the integration of post-quantum cryptographic algorithms into Hyperledger Fabric, a blockchain framework, to safeguard it against emerging quantum threats. To this end, a modified Cryptogen tool was developed to generate X.509 certificates with both classical and post-quantum cryptographic keys. Furthermore, using tools like Hyperledger Caliper and Prometheus for empirical analysis, we demonstrate that this hybrid approach effectively strengthens security without affecting system performance. These results not only improve the security of Hyperledger Fabric, but also offer a practical guide for adding post-quantum cryptography to blockchain technologies.

1. Latency performance modelling in hyperledger fabric blockchain: Challenges and directions with an IoT perspective: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2542660524001586
Abang et al. []
Blockchain is a decentralized and distributed ledger technology that enables secure and transparent recording of transactions across multiple participants. Hyperledger Fabric (HLF), a permissioned blockchain, enhances performance through its modular design and pluggable consensus. However, integrating HLF with enterprise applications introduces latency challenges. Researchers have proposed numerous latency performance modelling techniques to address this issue. These studies contribute to a deeper understanding of HLF’s latency by employing various modelling approaches and exploring techniques to improve network latency. However, existing HLF latency modelling studies lack an analysis of how these research efforts apply to specific use cases. This paper examines existing research on latency performance modelling in HLF and the challenges of applying these models to HLF-enabled Internet of Things (IoT) use cases. We propose a novel set of criteria for evaluating HLF latency performance modelling and highlight key HLF parameters that influence latency, aligning them with our evaluation criteria. We then classify existing papers based on their focus on latency modelling and the criteria they address. Additionally, we provide a comprehensive overview of latency performance modelling from various researchers, emphasizing the challenges in adapting these models to HLF-enabled IoT blockchain within the framework of our evaluation criteria. Finally, we suggest directions for future research and highlight open research questions for further exploration.

zkFabLedger: Enabling Privacy Preserving and Regulatory Compliance in Hyperledger Fabric：https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10839283
Yang et al. []
Preserving the privacy of transactions and ensuring the regulatory compliance of transactions are two important requirements for blockchain-based financial applications. However, these two requirements are somewhat contradictory. Techniques for protecting transaction privacy, such as data encryption and zero-knowledge proof, generally make it difficult to regulate and audit the transactions. In this paper, we propose a system named zkFabLedger which enhances both the privacy and the auditability of the classic permissioned blockchain platform Hyperledger Fabric. The proposed system utilizes commitments and non-interactive zero-knowledge proofs to hide the detailed information of transactions while enabling the endorsing peer nodes to verify the regulatory compliance of transactions. Transactions are recorded on table-structured ledgers, so that the regulator can perform complex auditing of transactions. Moreover, we utilize the ring signature scheme and the secret handshake protocol to ensure the anonymity of the transaction sender while enabling the regulator to trace the sender’s identity. Simulation results demonstrate that the proposed system can balance well between privacy, regulation and efficiency.

Blockchain-based Decentralized Edge Intelligence Collaboration and Adaptive Incentive Mechanism Research：https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/11164253
Chai et al. []
Edge IIoT learning suffers from non-IID data, stragglers, and untrusted coordination that raise latency, energy, and variance. Our objective is to enable reliable, privacy-preserving, and low-latency collaborative learning for edge IIoT under these conditions. We present BEACON, which couples federated learning with a CTDE-MADDPG adaptive incentive on a permissioned blockchain, uses lightweight robust aggregation (FedProx/Krum/Trimmed-Mean), and anchors only hashes on-chain for audit while keeping model payloads off-chain. The system runs over heterogeneous LoRa/Wi-Fi links and supports optional differential-privacy noise and Byzantine-tolerant modes. On a Raspberry Pi testbed and 10–100-node simulations, BEACON improves task completion and accuracy while lowering latency and CPU/energy relative to a static-incentive approach; the blockchain overhead remains modest at a 1-s block time. We also report sensitivity to reward weights and non-IID levels and outline deployment limits with practical mitigations. Compared with a static-incentive baseline, BEACON increases task completion by 19.7% and throughput by 15.4%, while reducing latency by 24.8% and CPU usage by 22.6% under identical budgets; improvements are statistically significant.

Performance Modeling of Relay Chain：https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10772657
Li et al. []
With the development of blockchain applications, demand for cross-chain technology has been increasing. Relay chain mode is the state-of-the-art and mainstream solution nowadays. However, the relay chain mode suffers from poor performance, which stems from its core facility – the relay chain. Therefore, guiding its improvement and parameters configuration is vital. Currently, there is no specialized performance model of the relay chain. The cross-chain scenario involves receiving transactions from blockchains and uniformly verifying them, while general blockchain models are not applicable for it. Relay chains are characterized by the following features: transaction arrival in batches with uncertain sizes, updating block headers for simplified payment verification (SPV), Byzantine fault tolerance (BFT) type protocol, and different packaging rules. This work first proposes an analytical framework for relay chain performance. It captures the mentioned features by constructing a batch-arrival and bulk-service model. We give a concrete calculation of the relay chain with practical BFT (PBFT) consensus and develop a method to arrive at the computational forms of two essential performance descriptors: system throughput and cross-chain transaction confirmation delay. Through this model, we can judge accurately whether the relay chain is overloaded, and eliminate the overload state by tuning the parameters; and we can evaluate the system performance under different traffic and design parameters. Finally, we verify the model through experiments. With our study, operators can configure the system parameters effectively and improve the relay chain to meet the requirements of practical use.

Let the Blocks Fly (Flying Blocks): A Highly Efficient and Practical Consensus Protocol for Authoritative Blockchains：https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/11202733/
Fu et al. []
In recent years, blockchain has been increasingly applied to authoritative institutions (i.e., authoritative blockchains) to strengthen their authority and reputation by providing reliable and secure data to increase transparency, reducing fraud, and enhancing efficiency for distributed applications (DApps) like electronics certificate, land registration, and e-voting, etc. Blockchain systems in these scenarios often have the features of small node-size, high node-reputation and high node-performance, e.g., government blockchains. However, as one of the core technologies of blockchain, distributed consensus protocols are often designed for large-scale business DApps; their efficiency can be further improved when applied to authoritative blockchains. In this paper, taking into account the essential features of blockchain applications for institutions like government departments, we propose a consensus protocol known as Flying Blocks (FB) to further enhances the efficiency and practicality. FB combines the advantages of the delayed confirmation from Nakamoto consensus with the traditional voting-based BFT consensus to simplify the consensus process and reduce the network resources consumption. To evaluate the protocol's performance, we conduct comparison experiments with Hotstuff and RAFT. The results demonstrate that FB outperforms Hotstuff. Furthermore, to the best of our knowledge, FB is the first BFT protocol that outperforms RAFT, a CFT consensus protocol, deployed in Blockchain systems in terms of transaction processing efficiency.

Hyper-IIoT: A Smart Contract-Inspired Access Control Scheme for Resource-Constrained Industrial Internet of Things：https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10891178
Li et al. []
In recent years, the refinements in industrial processes and the increasing complexity of managing privacy-sensitive data from Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) devices, have highlighted the critical need for secure, robust, and adaptive data management solutions. In this work, we propose a smart contract-assisted access control scheme for IIoT, which employs the Attribute-Based Access Control (ABAC) model to set access permissions for different industrial components. We defined a storage model and data format for private data through the design and deployment of smart contracts to manage system operations and access policies. In addition, the bloom filter component is deployed to optimize the efficiency of contract management and system performance. Experimental results show that in the real-world simulations, Hyper-IIoT shows well-controlled contract execution time, stable system throughput and fast consensus process, and is capable of handling high throughput and effective consensus in distributed systems even in large-scale request scenarios.

BCC-SRN: Blockchain-Based Cooperative Communication Scheme for Symbiotic Radio Network (TNSE)：https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/11181211
Gao et al. []
The symbiotic radio network (SRN) plays a crucial role in green communication solutions by facilitating cooperative communication between devices of primary and secondary links, leading to enhanced transmission quality and optimized resource efficiency. For the joint demodulation of primary and secondary signals, the multiparty trust is essential for operators with different interests. Building multiparty trust in a decentralized manner is challenging for the implementation of the SRN. As an emerging distributed ledger technology, blockchain provides multiparty trust between unreliable devices to share data and resources cooperatively. This paper proposes a consortium Blockchain-based Cooperative Communication scheme for SRN (BCC-SRN), where Hyperledger Fabric is used as the trust anchor with better security, higher throughput, and more flexible organization. In particular, a credit-based incentive mechanism is established to encourage different parties to behave according to the negotiated contracts. The credit is recorded by smart contracts and adjusted based on the contribution of the corresponding cooperators. Simulation results prove that the proposed BCC-SRN is highly effective in improving cooperation security and transmission quality.

EMT: Extended Merkle Tree Structure for Inserted Data Redaction in Permissioned Blockchain (TNSE)：https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10945641
Wu et al. []
Inserted data redaction is an important and hot security topic for permissioned blockchain. However, existing redactable schemes have two problems: (i) Uncaptured Change: Transaction-level redaction schemes modify both user-inserted data and system-generated transaction data, making it difficult to capture the changes in system-generated transactions data; (ii) Unexpected Spread: When the redaction process deletes harmful data, the consensus process may take a long time, resulting in unexpected spread of harmful data. Instead of eliminating the influence of the harmful data, it promotes its spread. To tackle these problems, we propose an Extended Merkle Tree (EMT) structure for inserted data redaction in permissioned blockchain. EMT separates the system-generated transaction data from user-inserted data, ensuring that only the inserted data can be modified during redaction. Furthermore, we design an EMT-based blockchain ledger and develop a smart contract to implement the inserted data redaction. We prove that our redaction scheme preserves the core security features of blockchain and implements redaction operations in Hyperledger Fabric. The experimental results show that our EMT-based blockchain scheme is capable of redacting the harmful inserted data while incurring less than 5% overhead compared to current permissioned blockchains.

Secure and Efficient Federated Learning Through Layering and Sharding Blockchain (TNSE)：https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10419032/
Yuan et al. []
Introducing blockchain into Federated Learning (FL) to build a trusted edge computing environment for transmission and learning has attracted widespread attention as a new decentralized learning pattern. However, traditional consensus mechanisms and architectures of blockchain systems face significant challenges in handling large-scale FL tasks, especially on Internet of Things (IoT) devices, due to their substantial resource consumption, limited transaction throughput, and complex communication requirements. To address these challenges, this paper proposes ChainFL, a novel two-layer blockchain-driven FL system. It splits the IoT network into multiple shards within the subchain layer, effectively reducing the scale of information exchange, and employs a Direct Acyclic Graph (DAG)-based mainchain as the mainchain layer, enabling parallel and asynchronous cross-shard validation. Furthermore, the FL procedure is customized to integrate deeply with blockchain technology, and a modified DAG consensus mechanism is designed to mitigate distortion caused by abnormal models. To provide a proof-of-concept implementation and evaluation, multiple subchains based on Hyperledger Fabric and a self-developed DAG-based mainchain are deployed. Extensive experiments demonstrate that ChainFL significantly surpasses conventional FL systems, showing up to a 14% improvement in training efficiency and a threefold increase in robustness.

A Blockchain-Based Hybrid Model for IoMT-Enabled Intelligent Healthcare System (TNSE)：https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10472119
Rehman et al. []
In recent years, the healthcare industry has undergone a digital transformation, making patient data publicly available and accessible. Healthcare units make a portion of the data public while keeping the rest private, necessitating various mechanisms for security and privacy. Blockchain technology has been widely adopted in the healthcare sector to secure data transactions. However, public blockchains face challenges in scalability and privacy, whereas private blockchains struggle with centralization, interoperability, and complexity. To address these challenges, we propose an Internet of Medical Things (IoMT)-based hybrid blockchain architecture. The proposed architecture combines the decentralized Ethereum and the centralized Hyperledger Fabric blockchain (Eth-Fab) using SQLite to leverage Ethereum smart contracts with the Hyperledger permission model. Moreover, we introduce access control strategies to enhance patient data authentication and authorization. We have employed machine learning algorithms to assist healthcare practitioners in accurately detecting diseases and making time-efficient decisions. Additionally, we modeled the proposed architecture using the M/M/1 queuing model and derived closed-form expressions for latency, throughput, and server utilization. The validity of these expressions was verified through Monte Carlo simulations. The results demonstrate that higher service times (block generation) yield better outcomes in terms of latency, throughput, and utilization, regardless of the arrival time, i.e., transactions in the mining pool.

BlockEmulator: An Emulator Enabling to Test Blockchain Sharding Protocols：https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10908689
Huang et al. []
Numerous blockchain simulators have been proposed to allow researchers to simulate mainstream blockchains. However, we have not yet found a testbed that enables researchers to develop and evaluate their new consensus algorithms or new protocols for blockchain sharding systems. To fill this gap, we developed BlockEmulator, which is designed as an experimental platform, particularly for emulating blockchain sharding mechanisms. BlockEmulator adopts a lightweight blockchain architecture so developers can only focus on implementing their new protocols or mechanisms. Using layered modules and useful programming interfaces offered by BlockEmulator, researchers can implement a new protocol with minimum effort. Through experiments, we test various functionalities of BlockEmulator in two steps. First, we prove the correctness of the emulation results yielded by BlockEmulator by comparing the theoretical analysis with the observed experiment results. Second, other experimental results demonstrate that BlockEmulator can facilitate measuring a series of metrics, including throughput, transaction confirmation latency, cross-shard transaction ratio, the queuing status of transaction pools, workload distribution across blockchain shards, etc. We have made BlockEmulator open-source in Github.

Blockchain Assisted Industrial Data Registration and Reconstruction Management Scheme (TNSE)：https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10909358/
Liu et al. []
As a typical Industrial Internet of Things (IIOT) application, three-dimensional point cloud reconstruction brings us benefits and convenience. The reconstructed mathematical models can be employed to facilitate precise quality control, which is important for the usage of the reconstructed products. Conversely, traditional reconstruction methods are characterized by inefficiency, and the errors inherent in each phase of the reconstruction chain often remain opaque and vulnerable to tampering. Hence, we propose a blockchain assisted industrial data registration and reconstruction management scheme (BIRMS). First, the tamper-proof and distributed storage characteristics of blockchain are fully utilized to ensure the authenticity and transparency of output errors throughout the reconstruction process. It is worth noting that smart contracts are designed to facilitate the management and query of on-chain data. Then, a novel swarm intelligence algorithm called EGWODA is designed to handle the issue which is low efficiency in the registration step of reconstruction. Finally, simulation results indicate the feasibility and efficiency of the BIRMS.

Blockchain-Based Dynamic Cloud Data Integrity Auditing via Non-Leaf Node Sampling of Rank-Based Merkle Hash Tree (TNSE)：https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/10509016/
Wang et al. []
Cloud storage plays an important role in the era of Big Data and Web 3.0. More and more data owners (DOs) store their data on Cloud for convenience and affordability. However, security and integrity completely depend on cloud storage service providers (CSPs) after data outsourcing. Once CSPs commit dishonest actions that lead to data tampering or loss, it will cause huge losses to DOs. Therefore, DOs need to audit the integrity of their data regularly. Traditional auditing schemes rely on trusted third parties (TPAs), which are not always trustworthy. This paper utilizes Blockchain instead of a trusted third-party auditor for data integrity auditing to address the trust crisis between data owners and cloud storage providers. Existing Rank-based Merkle Hash Tree (RMHT)-based auditing approaches suffer from high communication cost, limiting its applications to Blockchain scenarios. To address these issues, we enhance the auditing algorithm through extending the Rank-based Merkle Hash Tree (RMHT) for dynamic update of stored data and using a non-leaf node sampling strategy. These modifications significantly reduce the communication overhead during auditing and update phases. Such optimizations enable the algorithm to be well-suited for the Blockchain environment because proofs are stored on the Blockchain with gas fees. We implement a prototype and perform a security analysis of the proposed system. Experimental results demonstrate the security and effectiveness of the proposed approach.





查找更多相关工作TNSE：
https://lib.hqu.edu.cn/info/1050/1162.htm

Hyperledger Fabric Performance Model 2024, 2025

From these figures, it can be observed that the TPS represents another factor that impacts the Failure Rate. For example, Figure 9 shows that the failure is higher with 100 users than 200 users if the TPS configuration is 200 during the test, indicating that the system is under greater pressure and more challenges at higher transaction rates. Therefore, the findings imply that the quantity of virtual users affects the system’s performance. The study also revealed that while some system modules had higher send rates and throughput and lower failure rates, others had higher delays.

